content/en/docs/filter/_index.md, before:

---
title: Applying a filter on an animal list
linkTitle: Filter
weight: 50
description: >
 How to apply a filter on an animal list in order to display only a subset of the animals present on the device.
date: 2023-07-26
categories: [Filter]
tags: [Filter]
translationKey: filter
---
## Applying filters

{{% alert title="NOTE" %}}
The filter helps you to carry out a selection using filter criteria within the menu items `Herd`, `Lists` and `Evaluation` of the VitalControl device. As soon as you apply a filter, symbols for the various filter criteria appear at the top of the screen. These symbols are used to help you find out whether and which filter criteria are activated. For example, if you set the `Sex` filter to male, the device will only use male animals. For example, if you also activate the `On watch` filter, the device only uses male animals that are on the observation list.
{{% /alert %}}

To create a filter in the evaluations, proceed as follows:

1. Use the <img src="/icons/filter.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Filter" /> `F3` key once in the menu item <img src="/icons/evaluate.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Evaluation" /> `Evaluation` and twice in the menu items <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` and <img src="/icons/herde.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Herd" /> `Herd`.

2. A submenu opens in which you can set all filter options. You can filter by `Animal ID`, `Age`, `Sex`, `Transponder`, `National animal ID`, `Fever`, `On watch`, `Type of animal` and `Alarm`.

3. For the filters `Type of animal`, `Sex`, `Transponder` and `National animal ID` navigate to the corresponding area and confirm with `OK`. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to specify the desired setting. Return to the filter selection with the <img src="/icons/back.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Back" /> `F1` key.

   ![VitalControl: menu Evaluation Create filter](images/filter.png "Create filter")

4. For the filters `Animal ID` and `Age` select the corresponding range and confirm with `OK`. You will now be shown a lower and upper limit. Navigate to the desired limit using the arrow keys △ ▽ and confirm by pressing `OK` twice. Now you can set the desired number using the arrow keys ◁ ▷ and arrow keys △ ▽. Return to the filter selection with the <img src="/icons/back.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Back" /> `F1` key.

   ![VitalControl: menu Evaluation Create filter](images/filter2.png "Create filter")

5. For the filters `Fever`, `On watch` and `Alarm` there is a possibility to disable or enable their application. To do this, select the corresponding filter and confirm with `OK`. The filter is now active. Confirm again with `OK` to deactivate the filter.

   ![VitalControl: menu Evaluation Create filter](images/filter3.png "Create filter")

6. Once you have set all the filters, use the <img src="/icons/apply.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Apply" /> `F3` or <img src="/icons/back.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Back" /> `F1` key to apply the filters.

Commit message:

exit.svg: correct links and textual context

content/en/docs/filter/_index.md, after:

---
title: Applying a filter on an animal list
linkTitle: Filter
weight: 50
description: >
 How to apply a filter on an animal list in order to display only a subset of the animals present on the device.
date: 2023-07-26
categories: [Filter]
tags: [Filter]
translationKey: filter
---
## Applying filters

{{% alert title="NOTE" %}}
The filter helps you to carry out a selection using filter criteria within the menu items `Herd`, `Lists` and `Evaluation` of the VitalControl device. As soon as you apply a filter, symbols for the various filter criteria appear at the top of the screen. These symbols are used to help you find out whether and which filter criteria are activated. For example, if you set the `Sex` filter to male, the device will only use male animals. For example, if you also activate the `On watch` filter, the device only uses male animals that are on the observation list.
{{% /alert %}}

To create a filter in the evaluations, proceed as follows:

1. Use the <img src="/icons/filter.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Filter" /> `F3` key once in the menu item <img src="/icons/evaluate.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Evaluation" /> `Evaluation` and twice in the menu items <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` and <img src="/icons/herde.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Herd" /> `Herd`.

2. A submenu opens in which you can set all filter options. You can filter by `Animal ID`, `Age`, `Sex`, `Transponder`, `National animal ID`, `Fever`, `On watch`, `Type of animal` and `Alarm`.

3. For the filters `Type of animal`, `Sex`, `Transponder` and `National animal ID` navigate to the corresponding area and confirm with `OK`. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to specify the desired setting. Use `F3` key `Apply` to put the selected setting in place. To discard your filter changes, press `F1` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/exit.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Back" />&nbsp;.

   ![VitalControl: menu Evaluation Create filter](images/filter.png "Create filter")

4. For the filters `Animal ID` and `Age` select the corresponding criterion and confirm with `OK`. You will now be shown a lower and upper limit. Navigate to the desired limit using the arrow keys △ ▽ and confirm by pressing `OK` twice. Now you can set the desired number using the arrow keys ◁ ▷ and arrow keys △ ▽. Once all settings are correct press `OK` again to leave the setting mode and apply the selected filter(s) with `F3` key `Apply`. Using the `F1` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/exit.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Back" />&nbsp;, you can discard your changes if desired.

   ![VitalControl: menu Evaluation Create filter](images/filter2.png "Create filter")

5. For the filters `Fever`, `On watch` and `Alarm` there is a possibility to disable or enable their application. To do this, select the corresponding filter and confirm with `OK`. The filter is now active. Confirm again with `OK` to deactivate the filter.

   ![VitalControl: menu Evaluation Create filter](images/filter3.png "Create filter")

6. Once you have set all the filters, use the `F3` key `Apply` to put the defined filters in place or press `F1` key <img src="/icons/footer/exit.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Back" /> to discard your changes to the filter(s).
