content/en/docs/lists/dry-cows.md, before:

---
title: "Dry cows list"
linkTitle: "Dry cows list"
weight: 60
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: dry-cows
description: >
 Check out your dry cows list.
Kategorien: [Lists]
Tags: [Lists, dry cow]
translationKey: lists/dry-cows
---
## Dry cows list

On the list of dry animals you will find all animals that you have saved as dry animals. This list will help you keep track of your dry cows and carry out necessary actions on the animals. You can perform the following actions:

- [Full action menu](../alarm/#full-action-menu)
- [Animal data](../alarm/#animal-data)
- [Take temperature](../alarm/#take-temperature)
- [Calving](#calving)
- [Toggle alarm status](../on-watch/#toggle-alarm-status)
- [Toggle watch status](../alarm/#toggle-watch-status)
- [Search animal](../alarm/#search-animal)
- [Set filter](../alarm/#set-filter)

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Some actions are to be carried out in the same way as in the [Alarm list](../alarm). These are not explained here. Carry out the preliminary steps and use the link of the respective action to get to the instructions.
{{% /alert %}}

### Preliminary Steps

1. Select the <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` menu item in the main screen of your VitalControl device and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various lists are displayed. Select the <img src="/icons/drycows.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Dry-Cows" /> `dry cows` list. Confirm with `OK`.

3. The dry cows list is now open.

   ![VitalControl Lists Dry cows list](../images/firststeps5.png "Preliminary Steps")

## Calving

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the <img src="/icons/animalhistorysettings.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Actions" /> `F3` key to open the possible actions. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `calving` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the actionlist, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. You will now be asked to scan the mother animal's transponder. Alternatively, you can also confirm with `OK` and enter the animal ID with the arrow keys △ ▽ ◁ ▷.

5. Now scan the calf's transponder or skip this step with the `F3` key `ESC` if the calf does not yet have a transponder. You can later assign this to the animal using the action &nbsp;<img src="/icons/actions/link-transponder.svg" width="35" align="bottom" alt="Link transponder" /> [`Link transponder`](../../actions/link-transponder).

6. Another settings menu opens in which you can save various details about the new calf. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the appropriate setting option. For the setting options `Type of animal`, `Sex`, `Birth weight`, `Breed`, `Whereabouts`, `Multiples` and `Calving ease` use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired setting. For the setting options `National animal ID`, `ID` and `Date of birth` select the corresponding setting option and confirm with `OK`. Now use the arrow keys △ ▽ ◁ ▷ to select the desired numbers.

7. Save the settings with the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/save_exit.svg" width="65" align="bottom" alt="Save and return" />&nbsp;.

   ![VitalControl Lists Dry cows list](../images/calving.png "Calving")

Commit message:

Icon 'open popup': fix broken links

content/en/docs/lists/dry-cows.md, after:

---
title: "Dry cows list"
linkTitle: "Dry cows list"
weight: 60
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: dry-cows
description: >
 Check out your dry cows list.
Kategorien: [Lists]
Tags: [Lists, dry cow]
translationKey: lists/dry-cows
---
## Dry cows list

On the list of dry animals you will find all animals that you have saved as dry animals. This list will help you keep track of your dry cows and carry out necessary actions on the animals. You can perform the following actions:

- [Full action menu](../alarm/#full-action-menu)
- [Animal data](../alarm/#animal-data)
- [Take temperature](../alarm/#take-temperature)
- [Calving](#calving)
- [Toggle alarm status](../on-watch/#toggle-alarm-status)
- [Toggle watch status](../alarm/#toggle-watch-status)
- [Search animal](../alarm/#search-animal)
- [Set filter](../alarm/#set-filter)

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Some actions are to be carried out in the same way as in the [Alarm list](../alarm). These are not explained here. Carry out the preliminary steps and use the link of the respective action to get to the instructions.
{{% /alert %}}

### Preliminary Steps

1. Select the <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` menu item in the main screen of your VitalControl device and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various lists are displayed. Select the <img src="/icons/drycows.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Dry-Cows" /> `dry cows` list. Confirm with `OK`.

3. The dry cows list is now open.

   ![VitalControl Lists Dry cows list](../images/firststeps5.png "Preliminary Steps")

## Calving

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/open-popup.svg" width="15" align="bottom" alt="Open popup" />&nbsp; to invoke a popup menu that lists the possible actions when pressing `OK` key. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `Calving` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the action list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. You will now be asked to scan the mother animal's transponder. Alternatively, you can also confirm with `OK` and enter the animal ID with the arrow keys △ ▽ ◁ ▷.

5. Now scan the calf's transponder or skip this step with the `F3` key `ESC` if the calf does not yet have a transponder. You can later assign this to the animal using the action &nbsp;<img src="/icons/actions/link-transponder.svg" width="35" align="bottom" alt="Link transponder" /> [`Link transponder`](../../actions/link-transponder).

6. Another settings menu opens in which you can save various details about the new calf. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the appropriate setting option. For the setting options `Type of animal`, `Sex`, `Birth weight`, `Breed`, `Whereabouts`, `Multiples` and `Calving ease` use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired setting. For the setting options `National animal ID`, `ID` and `Date of birth` select the corresponding setting option and confirm with `OK`. Now use the arrow keys △ ▽ ◁ ▷ to select the desired numbers.

7. Save the settings with the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/save_exit.svg" width="65" align="bottom" alt="Save and return" />&nbsp;.

   ![VitalControl Lists Dry cows list](../images/calving.png "Calving")
