content/en/docs/lists/freshcows.md, before:

---
title: "Fresh cows list"
linkTitle: "Fresh cows list"
weight: 40
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: fresh-cows
description: >
  Check out your fresh cows list.
Kategorien: [Lists]
Tags: [Lists, fresh cow]
translationKey: lists/fresh-cows
---
### Fresh cows list

You can find your fresh milkers in the fresh milker list. Animals for which a calving has been saved are automatically added to the list and are saved for the time you have specified. The following actions are available for this list:

- [Full action menu](../alarm/#full-action-menu)
- [Animal data](../alarm/#animal-data)
- [Take temperature](../alarm/#take-temperature)
- [Toggle alarm status](#toggle-alarm-status)
- [Toggle watch status](#toggle-watch-status)
- [Hide measured cows](#hide-measured-cows)
- [Search animal](../alarm/#search-animal)
- [Set filter](../alarm/#set-filter)

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Some actions are to be carried out in the same way as in the [Alarm list](../alarm). These are not explained here. Carry out the preliminary steps and use the link of the respective action to get to the instructions.
{{% /alert %}}

### Preliminary Steps

1. Select the <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` menu item in the main screen of your VitalControl device and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various lists are displayed. Select the <img src="/icons/freshcows.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Fresh-cows" /> `fresh cows` list. Confirm with `OK`.

3. The fresh cows list is now open.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/firststeps4.png "Preliminary Steps")

### Toggle alarm status

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the <img src="/icons/animalhistorysettings.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Actions" /> `F3` key to open the possible actions. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the action `Toggle alarm status` and confirm by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the fresh cows list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now added or removed from the alert list depending on its initial status.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/togglealarmstatus.png "Toggle alarm status")

### Toggle watch status

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the <img src="/icons/animalhistorysettings.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Actions" /> `F3` key to open the possible actions. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the action `Toggle watch status` and confirm by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the fresh cows list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now added or removed from the on watch list depending on its initial status.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/togglewatchstatus.png "Toggle watch status")

### Hide measured cows

If this function is activated, the animals for which a temperature measurement has been carried out are hidden on the dry cow list. If this function is not activated, the animals remain visible on the list.

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the <img src="/icons/animalhistorysettings.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Actions" /> `F3` key to open the possible actions. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the action `Hide measured cows` and confirm by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the fresh cows list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The function `hide measured` is now activated. Activation is indicated by ticking the box.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/hidemeasuredcows.png "Hide measured cows")

Commit message:

Icon 'open popup': fix broken links

content/en/docs/lists/freshcows.md, after:

---
title: "Fresh cows list"
linkTitle: "Fresh cows list"
weight: 40
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: fresh-cows
description: >
  Check out your fresh cows list.
Kategorien: [Lists]
Tags: [Lists, fresh cow]
translationKey: lists/fresh-cows
---
### Fresh cows list

You can find your fresh milkers in the fresh milker list. Animals for which a calving has been saved are automatically added to the list and are saved for the time you have specified. The following actions are available for this list:

- [Full action menu](../alarm/#full-action-menu)
- [Animal data](../alarm/#animal-data)
- [Take temperature](../alarm/#take-temperature)
- [Toggle alarm status](#toggle-alarm-status)
- [Toggle watch status](#toggle-watch-status)
- [Hide measured cows](#hide-measured-cows)
- [Search animal](../alarm/#search-animal)
- [Set filter](../alarm/#set-filter)

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Some actions are to be carried out in the same way as in the [Alarm list](../alarm). These are not explained here. Carry out the preliminary steps and use the link of the respective action to get to the instructions.
{{% /alert %}}

### Preliminary Steps

1. Select the <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` menu item in the main screen of your VitalControl device and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various lists are displayed. Select the <img src="/icons/freshcows.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Fresh-cows" /> `fresh cows` list. Confirm with `OK`.

3. The fresh cows list is now open.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/firststeps4.png "Preliminary Steps")

### Toggle alarm status

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/open-popup.svg" width="15" align="bottom" alt="Open popup" />&nbsp; to invoke a popup menu that lists the possible actions when pressing `OK` key. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `Toggle alarm status` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the fresh cows list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now added or removed from the alert list depending on its initial status.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/togglealarmstatus.png "Toggle alarm status")

### Toggle watch status

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/open-popup.svg" width="15" align="bottom" alt="Open popup" />&nbsp; to invoke a popup menu that lists the possible actions when pressing `OK` key. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `Toggle watch status` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the fresh cows list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now added or removed from the on watch list depending on its initial status.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/togglewatchstatus.png "Toggle watch status")

### Hide measured cows

If this function is activated, the animals for which a temperature measurement has been carried out are hidden on the dry cow list. If this function is not activated, the animals remain visible on the list.

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/open-popup.svg" width="15" align="bottom" alt="Actions" />&nbsp; to invoke a popup menu that lists various options. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the option `Hide  measured cows` and toggle this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the fresh cows list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The function `hide measured` is now activated. Activation is indicated by ticking the box.

   ![VitalControl Lists Fresh cows list](../images/hidemeasuredcows.png "Hide measured cows")
