content/en/docs/lists/on-watch.md, before:

---
title: "On watch list"
linkTitle: "On watch list"
weight: 20
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: on-watch
description: >
 Check out your on watch list.
Kategorien: [Lists]
Tags: [Lists, on watch]
translationKey: lists/on-watch
---
## On watch list

On the watch list you will find all animals that you have manually added to the list. The list helps you to keep an overview of the animals you have rated as conspicuous. Also, for each animal on the list, you can do the following:

- [Full action menu](../alarm/#full-action-menu)
- [Animal data](../alarm/#animal-data)
- [Take temperature](../alarm/#take-temperature)
- [Rate animal](../alarm/#rate-animal)
- [Remove from watch list](#remove-from-watch-list)
- [Toggle alarm status](#toggle-alarm-status)
- [Search animal](../alarm/#search-animal)
- [Set filter](../alarm/#set-filter)

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Some actions are to be carried out in the same way as in the [Alarm list](../alarm). These are not explained here. Carry out the preliminary steps and use the link of the respective action to get to the instructions.
{{% /alert %}}

The alarm list is structured as follows:

   ![VitalControl Lists On wacht list](../images/onwatchstructure.png "Structure of the on watch list")

|Symbol   | Description
|-------  |----
   ![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/kopf.png "Head") | Shows how many animals are on the list
| ![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/kopf2.png "ID") | Shows whether the selected animal is a calf or a cow
| ![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/auge.png "Rating") | The last recorded rating is shown below the symbol with the colors of the traffic light system
|![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/thermometer.png "Thermometer") | The last fever measurement recorded is shown below the symbol with the colors of the traffic light system
|![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/alarm2.png "Alarm") | The circle mark below the symbol shows that the animal is on the alarm list

### Preliminary Steps

1. Select the <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` menu item in the main screen of your VitalControl device and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various lists are displayed. Select the <img src="/icons/onwatch.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="On-Watch" /> `on watch` list. Confirm with `OK`.

3. The on watch list is now open.

   ![VitalControl Lists On watch list](../images/firststeps2.png "Preliminary Steps")

### Remove from watch list

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the <img src="/icons/animalhistorysettings.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Actions" /> `F3` key to open the possible actions. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `Remove from watch list` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the on watch list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now removed from the watch list.

   ![VitalControl Lists On watch list](../images/remove.png "Remove from watch list")

### Toggle alarm status

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the <img src="/icons/animalhistorysettings.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Actions" /> `F3` key to open the possible actions. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the option `Toggle alarm status` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the on watch list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now added or removed from the alarmlist depending on its initial status.

   ![VitalControl Lists Toggle alarm status](../images/alarmstatus.png "Toggle alarm status")

Commit message:

Icon 'open popup': fix broken links

content/en/docs/lists/on-watch.md, after:

---
title: "On watch list"
linkTitle: "On watch list"
weight: 20
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: on-watch
description: >
 Check out your on watch list.
Kategorien: [Lists]
Tags: [Lists, on watch]
translationKey: lists/on-watch
---
## On watch list

On the watch list you will find all animals that you have manually added to the list. The list helps you to keep an overview of the animals you have rated as conspicuous. Also, for each animal on the list, you can do the following:

- [Full action menu](../alarm/#full-action-menu)
- [Animal data](../alarm/#animal-data)
- [Take temperature](../alarm/#take-temperature)
- [Rate animal](../alarm/#rate-animal)
- [Remove from watch list](#remove-from-watch-list)
- [Toggle alarm status](#toggle-alarm-status)
- [Search animal](../alarm/#search-animal)
- [Set filter](../alarm/#set-filter)

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Some actions are to be carried out in the same way as in the [Alarm list](../alarm). These are not explained here. Carry out the preliminary steps and use the link of the respective action to get to the instructions.
{{% /alert %}}

The alarm list is structured as follows:

   ![VitalControl Lists On wacht list](../images/onwatchstructure.png "Structure of the on watch list")

|Symbol   | Description
|-------  |----
   ![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/kopf.png "Head") | Shows how many animals are on the list
| ![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/kopf2.png "ID") | Shows whether the selected animal is a calf or a cow
| ![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/auge.png "Rating") | The last recorded rating is shown below the symbol with the colors of the traffic light system
|![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/thermometer.png "Thermometer") | The last fever measurement recorded is shown below the symbol with the colors of the traffic light system
|![VitalControl Lists On-watch list](../images/alarm2.png "Alarm") | The circle mark below the symbol shows that the animal is on the alarm list

### Preliminary Steps

1. Select the <img src="/icons/listen.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="Lists" /> `Lists` menu item in the main screen of your VitalControl device and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various lists are displayed. Select the <img src="/icons/onwatch.svg" width="25" align="bottom" alt="On-Watch" /> `on watch` list. Confirm with `OK`.

3. The on watch list is now open.

   ![VitalControl Lists On watch list](../images/firststeps2.png "Preliminary Steps")

### Remove from watch list

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/open-popup.svg" width="15" align="bottom" alt="Open popup" />&nbsp; to invoke a popup menu that lists the possible actions when pressing `OK` key. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `Remove from watch list` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the on watch list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now removed from the watch list.

   ![VitalControl Lists On watch list](../images/remove.png "Remove from watch list")

### Toggle alarm status

1. Complete the preliminary steps.

2. Use the `F3` key &nbsp;<img src="/icons/footer/open-popup.svg" width="15" align="bottom" alt="Open popup" />&nbsp; to invoke a popup menu that lists the possible actions when pressing `OK` key. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to highlight the action `Toggle alarm status` and select this option by pressing the central `OK` button or the `F3` key `OK`.

3. Within the on watch list, use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the desired animal and confirm with `OK`.

4. The animal is now added or removed from the alarmlist depending on its initial status.

   ![VitalControl Lists Toggle alarm status](../images/alarmstatus.png "Toggle alarm status")
