content/en/docs/settings/new-animals.md, before:

---
title: "Registration of animals"
linkTitle: "Registration of animals"
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
weight: 60
draft: false
slug: registrationofanimals
description: >
  Here you adapt several factory-set standards to the requirements of your operation.
Kategorien: [settings]
Tags: [settings, Default values]
translationKey: units
---
## Set default values
### Set recorded weight(s)

Here you define which weight will be recorded and saved when creating new animals in your farm. To set the recorded weight on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`. 

4. The `Recorded weight(s)` area is automatically selected. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the weight to be captured.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Set recorded weight(s)](../images/recordweights.png "Set recorded weight(s)")

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
 Select "none" if: the animals are created automatically in the background (via transponder scan), no scale is available in the farm and no estimated values are wanted, the birth weights are unknown.
{{% /alert %}}

### Set age at registration

Based on the age entered here, the device calculates the date of birth that is suggested for a manually created animal or that is used for automatic creation in the background (via tranponder scan). For dairy farms, enter the age in days at which newborn calves are registered in VitalControl. For feeder rearing farms, the average age of the purchased calves is to be entered here. The permissible range of values is from 0 to 99 days.To set the age at creation on your device proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Age at registration` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the age at creation.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Set age at registration](../images/ageatregistration.png "Set age at registration")

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Based on the age information entered there, the device calculates the date of birth that is suggested for a manually created animal or that is used for automatic creation in the background (via tranponder scan). For dairy farms, enter the age in days at which newborn calves are registered in VitalControl. For feeder rearing farms, the average age of the purchased calves is to be entered here. The permissible range of values is from 0 to 99 days.
{{% /alert %}}

### Set sex

Here you define which sex is suggested (manual creation) or automatically adopted (creation in the
background). To define the sex when creating on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Sex` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the sex when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Set sex](../images/setsex.png "Set sex")

### Set type of animal

Here you define which type of animal is recorded when creating new animals in your farm. To define the type of animal when creating it on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Type of animal` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the type of animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings type of animal](../images/typeofanimal.png "typ of animal")

### Set breed

Here you define which breed of the livestock is recorded when creating new animals on your farm. To define the breed when creating on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Breed` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the breed when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings type of animal](../images/breed.png "typ of animal")

### Set Whereabouts

Here you define which whereabouts are assigned to the animals when creating new farm animals. To define the whereabouts of the farm animal when it is created on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Whereabouts` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the whereabouts when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings whereabouts](../images/whereabout.png "whereabouts")

### Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.

## Auto-registration 

Here you define the behavior of the device when a new transponder, which is not yet known to the VitalControl device, is scanned. For this case three different 
different behaviors can be defined. In order to define the behavior when the user animal is automatically created on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. The `Auto-registration` area is automatically selected. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the Auto-registration behavior.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings auto-registration](../images/autoregistration.png "auto-registration")

## Assignment animal ID

Here you define which animal ID is proposed (derived from transponder number) or used (consecutive) when creating a new animal in your farm. To define the assignment of the animal ID when creating the farm animal on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Assignment animal ID` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the assignment of the animal ID of the working animal when creating.

6. If you select the setting `Consecutive`, you have the option of specifying the `Next animal ID`. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the `Next animal ID` area and confirm with `OK`. Navigate within the area using the arrow keys ◁ ▷. Now you can select a number using the arrow keys △ ▽. The device will now automatically use this number to start the continuous count from there. Furthermore, you can set whether the numbers are to be counted continuously increasing or continuously decreasing. To do this, use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to go to the 9/1 symbol. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to toggle between counting continuously increasing or continuously decreasing. Save the settings using the `F1` or `OK` key.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings assignment animal ID](../images/assignmentanimalid2.png "Assignment animal ID")
    
    ![VitalControl: menu settings assignment animal ID](../images/assignmentanimalid3.png "assignment animal ID")

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
Select the "Consecutive" option if the stall number you use for visual identification of the animal is assigned independently of the transponder number used for electronic identification. The stall or collar numbers are then assigned consecutively within a certain range (e.g. 1 - 40) and are then not directly related to the transponder numbers used. Select the option "Derive from transponder number" if you want to link the animal's stall number directly to the number of the transponder that was assigned to the animal. This option is especially useful if you use yellow electronic ear tags, the barn number is then identical to the end digits of the ten-digit animal number printed on the yellow ear tag.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
Only when using the "Consecutive" option: if you have set to use separate number ranges for male and female animals when assigning the ear tag number, a next animal number is stored for each of male, female and animals of unknown sex. A symbol placed to the left of the animal number indicates what the next animal number is used for: either for male ♀ or for female ♂ or for animals of unknown sex ♀♂?
{{% /alert %}}

### Digit of the new ID

Here you define which length a barn number derived from the transponder number has for a new animal in your farm. The possible value range is from 2 to 6 digits. To define the length of the new ID of the farm animal on your device proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Digits of the new ID` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the digit of the new ID of the working animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Digit of the new ID](../images/digitofnewid.png "Digit of the new ID")

### Right offset

Here you define whether an offset is also taken into account when deriving a barn number from the transponder number. Without offset the last 2-6 digits of the transponder number will be used as stable number, with an offset of 1 the rightmost digit will be discarded, with an offset of 2 the two rightmost digits, and so on. To set the offset to the right of the animal on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Right offset` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the right offset area of the working animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings right offset](../images/rightoffset.png "right offset")

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
To graphically illustrate the effect of the set parameters, a fifteen-digit transponder number is displayed below the line for setting the offset. A green frame indicates the stall number that would be derived from the transponder number with the current settings. A change of the setting values "Length" and "Offset" leads directly to an update of the derived
leads immediately to an update of the derived barn number.
{{% /alert %}}

### Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.

## Assignment ear tag number

Here you define whether one or two number ranges are used when assigning the ear tag number in the course of the manual re-registration of animals. To define the assignment of the ear tag number of the farm animal on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Assignment ear tag number`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to assign the ear tag number the working animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Assignment ear tag number](../images/assignmenteartagnumber.png "Assignment ear tag number")

## Save and return to the top menu Registration of animals

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Registration of animals` by pressing the `F1` key.

## Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.

Commit message:

Settings pages: fix linkage between translations

content/en/docs/settings/new-animals.md, after:

---
title: "Registration of animals"
linkTitle: "Registration of animals"
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
weight: 60
draft: false
slug: animal-registration
description: >
  Here you can adjust several factory-set standards concerning the registration of new animals to the requirements of your farm.
Kategorien: [settings]
Tags: [settings, Default values]
translationKey: settings/new-animals
---
## Set default values
### Set recorded weight(s)

Here you define which weight will be recorded and saved when creating new animals in your farm. To set the recorded weight on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`. 

4. The `Recorded weight(s)` area is automatically selected. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the weight to be captured.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Set recorded weight(s)](../images/recordweights.png "Set recorded weight(s)")

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
 Select "none" if: the animals are created automatically in the background (via transponder scan), no scale is available in the farm and no estimated values are wanted, the birth weights are unknown.
{{% /alert %}}

### Set age at registration

Based on the age entered here, the device calculates the date of birth that is suggested for a manually created animal or that is used for automatic creation in the background (via tranponder scan). For dairy farms, enter the age in days at which newborn calves are registered in VitalControl. For feeder rearing farms, the average age of the purchased calves is to be entered here. The permissible range of values is from 0 to 99 days.To set the age at creation on your device proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Age at registration` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the age at creation.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Set age at registration](../images/ageatregistration.png "Set age at registration")

{{% alert title="Hint" %}}
Based on the age information entered there, the device calculates the date of birth that is suggested for a manually created animal or that is used for automatic creation in the background (via tranponder scan). For dairy farms, enter the age in days at which newborn calves are registered in VitalControl. For feeder rearing farms, the average age of the purchased calves is to be entered here. The permissible range of values is from 0 to 99 days.
{{% /alert %}}

### Set sex

Here you define which sex is suggested (manual creation) or automatically adopted (creation in the
background). To define the sex when creating on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Sex` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the sex when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Set sex](../images/setsex.png "Set sex")

### Set type of animal

Here you define which type of animal is recorded when creating new animals in your farm. To define the type of animal when creating it on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Type of animal` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the type of animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings type of animal](../images/typeofanimal.png "typ of animal")

### Set breed

Here you define which breed of the livestock is recorded when creating new animals on your farm. To define the breed when creating on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Breed` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the breed when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings type of animal](../images/breed.png "typ of animal")

### Set Whereabouts

Here you define which whereabouts are assigned to the animals when creating new farm animals. To define the whereabouts of the farm animal when it is created on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Default values` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Whereabouts` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the whereabouts when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings whereabouts](../images/whereabout.png "whereabouts")

### Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.

## Auto-registration 

Here you define the behavior of the device when a new transponder, which is not yet known to the VitalControl device, is scanned. For this case three different 
different behaviors can be defined. In order to define the behavior when the user animal is automatically created on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. The `Auto-registration` area is automatically selected. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the Auto-registration behavior.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings auto-registration](../images/autoregistration.png "auto-registration")

## Assignment animal ID

Here you define which animal ID is proposed (derived from transponder number) or used (consecutive) when creating a new animal in your farm. To define the assignment of the animal ID when creating the farm animal on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Assignment animal ID` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the assignment of the animal ID of the working animal when creating.

6. If you select the setting `Consecutive`, you have the option of specifying the `Next animal ID`. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select the `Next animal ID` area and confirm with `OK`. Navigate within the area using the arrow keys ◁ ▷. Now you can select a number using the arrow keys △ ▽. The device will now automatically use this number to start the continuous count from there. Furthermore, you can set whether the numbers are to be counted continuously increasing or continuously decreasing. To do this, use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to go to the 9/1 symbol. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to toggle between counting continuously increasing or continuously decreasing. Save the settings using the `F1` or `OK` key.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings assignment animal ID](../images/assignmentanimalid2.png "Assignment animal ID")
    
    ![VitalControl: menu settings assignment animal ID](../images/assignmentanimalid3.png "assignment animal ID")

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
Select the "Consecutive" option if the stall number you use for visual identification of the animal is assigned independently of the transponder number used for electronic identification. The stall or collar numbers are then assigned consecutively within a certain range (e.g. 1 - 40) and are then not directly related to the transponder numbers used. Select the option "Derive from transponder number" if you want to link the animal's stall number directly to the number of the transponder that was assigned to the animal. This option is especially useful if you use yellow electronic ear tags, the barn number is then identical to the end digits of the ten-digit animal number printed on the yellow ear tag.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
Only when using the "Consecutive" option: if you have set to use separate number ranges for male and female animals when assigning the ear tag number, a next animal number is stored for each of male, female and animals of unknown sex. A symbol placed to the left of the animal number indicates what the next animal number is used for: either for male ♀ or for female ♂ or for animals of unknown sex ♀♂?
{{% /alert %}}

### Digit of the new ID

Here you define which length a barn number derived from the transponder number has for a new animal in your farm. The possible value range is from 2 to 6 digits. To define the length of the new ID of the farm animal on your device proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Digits of the new ID` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the digit of the new ID of the working animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Digit of the new ID](../images/digitofnewid.png "Digit of the new ID")

### Right offset

Here you define whether an offset is also taken into account when deriving a barn number from the transponder number. Without offset the last 2-6 digits of the transponder number will be used as stable number, with an offset of 1 the rightmost digit will be discarded, with an offset of 2 the two rightmost digits, and so on. To set the offset to the right of the animal on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Auto-registration` and confirm with `OK`.

4. Select the `Right offset` area.

5. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to set the right offset area of the working animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings right offset](../images/rightoffset.png "right offset")

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
To graphically illustrate the effect of the set parameters, a fifteen-digit transponder number is displayed below the line for setting the offset. A green frame indicates the stall number that would be derived from the transponder number with the current settings. A change of the setting values "Length" and "Offset" leads directly to an update of the derived
leads immediately to an update of the derived barn number.
{{% /alert %}}

### Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.

## Assignment ear tag number

Here you define whether one or two number ranges are used when assigning the ear tag number in the course of the manual re-registration of animals. To define the assignment of the ear tag number of the farm animal on your device, proceed as follows:

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Registration of animals`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can select between `Default values`, `Auto-registration` and `Assignment ear tag number`. Select `Assignment ear tag number`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to assign the ear tag number the working animal when creating.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings Assignment ear tag number](../images/assignmenteartagnumber.png "Assignment ear tag number")

## Save and return to the top menu Registration of animals

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Registration of animals` by pressing the `F1` key.

## Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.
