content/en/docs/settings/temperature.md, before:

---
title: "Temperature"
linkTitle: "Temperature"
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
weight: 30
draft: false
slug: temperature
description: >
 Set the temperature settings for the application of your VitalControl device
Kategorien: [settings]
Tags: [settings, temperature, threshold, anus spotlight]
translationKey: settings/temperature
---
## Set the threshold & temperature ranges

To set the threshold & temperature ranges on your device proceed as follows:

1. From the main screen of your VitalControl device, select `Settings` and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Temperature`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. A further submenu opens in which you can select between `Tresholds`, `Undertemperature` and `Anus spotlight` can be selected. Select `Tresholds`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired threshold.

5. Use the pen symbol with the `F3`key to set the threshold value of the yellow and red area. Use the arrows △ ▽ to set the desired "greater than" or "equal to" temperature. Use the `F3` keys or the ◁ ▷ arrows to select between the Yellow and Red ranges.

6. Once you have set the desired "greater than" or "equal to" temperature, use the back arrow with the `F1` key to jump back to the `Threshold` value.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings threshold & temperature ranges](../images/threshold.png "Threshold & Temperature ranges")

{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
Threshold values for the body temperature are stored here individually for the animal species calf, cow and lamb. The yellow and red fields show the threshold value for "elevated temperature" and "fever" respectively. VitalControl places animals in the yellow and red areas on the alarm list, making it easier for you to monitor sick animals. A threshold for under temperature can also be freely defined.
{{% /alert %}}

## Set undertemperature

To set the threshold value for the undertemperature, proceed as follows:

1. From the main screen of your VitalControl device, select `Settings` and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Temperature`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. A further submenu opens in which you can select between `Tresholds`, `Undertemperature` and `Anus spotlighting` can be selected. Select `Undertemperature`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired threshold value for the undertemperature.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings undertemperature](../images/undertemperature.png "Undertemperature")

## Anus spotlight

To deactivate or activate the anus spotlight during the 'Temperature' action, proceed as follows:

1. From the main screen of your VitalControl device, select `Settings` and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Temperature`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. A further submenu opens in which you can select between `Tresholds`, `Undertemperature` and `Anus spotligt` can be selected. Select `Anus spotligt`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to deactivate or activate the anus spotlight.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings anus spotlight](../images/anusspotlight.png "Anus spotlight")

## Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.

Commit message:

Verbesserungen-Settings in Deutsch und Englisch durchgeführt

content/en/docs/settings/temperature.md, after:

---
title: "Temperature"
linkTitle: "Temperature"
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
weight: 30
draft: false
slug: temperature
description: >
 Set the temperature settings for the application of your VitalControl device
Kategorien: [settings]
Tags: [settings, temperature, threshold, anus spotlight]
translationKey: settings/temperature
---
## Set the threshold & temperature ranges
{{% alert title = "Hint" %}}
Threshold values for the body temperature are stored here individually for the animal species calf, cow and lamb. The yellow and red fields show the threshold value for "elevated temperature" and "fever" respectively. VitalControl places animals in the yellow and red areas on the alarm list, making it easier for you to monitor sick animals. A threshold for under temperature can also be freely defined.
{{% /alert %}}

To set the threshold & temperature ranges on your device proceed as follows:

1. From the main screen of your VitalControl device, select `Settings` and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Temperature`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can use the arrow keys △ ▽ to switch between the two setting fields for `Thresholds`, `Undertemperature` and `Anus spotlight`. Select the `Threshold` settings field.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired threshold.

5. Use the pen symbol with the `F3`key to set the threshold value of the yellow and red area. Use the arrows △ ▽ to set the desired "greater than" or "equal to" temperature. Use the `F3` keys or the ◁ ▷ arrows to select between the Yellow and Red ranges.

6. Once you have set the desired "greater than" or "equal to" temperature, use the back arrow with the `F1` key to jump back to the `Threshold` value.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings threshold & temperature ranges](../images/threshold.png "Threshold & Temperature ranges")


## Set undertemperature
{{% alert title = "Hinweis" %}}
Here you set the measured temperature from which an undertemperature occurs. During the fever measurement, this temperature is displayed with a blue background.
{{% /alert %}}

To set the threshold value for the undertemperature, proceed as follows:

1. From the main screen of your VitalControl device, select `Settings` and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Temperature`. Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can use the arrow keys △ ▽ to switch between the two setting fields for `Thresholds`, `Undertemperature` and `Anus spotlight`. Select the `Undertemperature` settings field.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired threshold value for the undertemperature.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings undertemperature](../images/undertemperature.png "Undertemperature")

## Anus spotlight
{{% alert title = "Hinweis" %}}
Here you can set whether the light should be automatically activated or deactivated during fever measurement. 
{{% /alert %}}

To deactivate or activate the anus spotlight during the `Temperature` action, proceed as follows:

1. From the main screen of your VitalControl device, select `Settings` and press the `OK` button.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Use the arrow keys △ ▽ to select `Temperature`. Confirm with `OK`.

3.  Another submenu opens in which you can use the arrow keys △ ▽ to switch between the two setting fields for `Thresholds`, `Undertemperature` and `Anus spotlight`. Select the `Anus spotlight` settings field.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to deactivate or activate the anus spotlight.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings anus spotlight](../images/anusspotlight.png "Anus spotlight")

## Save and return to the top menu Settings

- Save the settings and return to the top menu `Settings` by pressing the `F1` key.
