content/en/docs/settings/units.md, before:

---
title: "Units"
linkTitle: "Units"
weight: 40
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: units
description: >
 Here you select units for temperature and mass.
Kategorien: [settings]
Tags: [settings, units]
translationKey: settings/units
---
## Set temperature unit

To set the temperature unit on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Select the section `Units` . Confirm with `OK`.

3. A further submenu opens in which you can select between `Temperature unit` and `Mass unit` can be selected. Select `Temperature unit`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired temperature unit.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings temperature unit](../images/temperature.png "Temperature unit")

## Set mass unit

To set the mass unit on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Select the section `Units` . Confirm with `OK`.

3. A further submenu opens in which you can select between `Temperature unit` and `Mass unit` can be selected. Select `Mass unit`.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired mass unit.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings mass unit](../images/mass.png "Mass unit")

Commit message:

Verbesserungen-Settings in Deutsch und Englisch durchgeführt

content/en/docs/settings/units.md, after:

---
title: "Units"
linkTitle: "Units"
weight: 20
date: 2023-07-28T13:25:28+02:00
draft: false
slug: units
description: >
 Here you select units for temperature and mass.
Kategorien: [settings]
Tags: [settings, units]
translationKey: settings/units
---
## Set temperature unit

To set the temperature unit on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Select the section `Units` . Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can use the arrow keys △ ▽ to switch between the two setting fields for `Temperature unit` and `Mass unit`. Select the `Temperature unit` setting field.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired temperature unit.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings temperature unit](../images/temperature.png "Temperature unit")

## Set mass unit

To set the mass unit on your device, proceed as follows.

1. In the main screen of your VitalControl device, select the menu item `Settings` and press the `OK` key.

2. A submenu opens in which various settings are displayed. Select the section `Units` . Confirm with `OK`.

3. Another submenu opens in which you can use the arrow keys △ ▽ to switch between the two setting fields for `Temperature unit` and `Mass unit`. Select the `Mass unit` setting field.

4. Use the arrow keys ◁ ▷ to select the desired mass unit.

    ![VitalControl: menu settings mass unit](../images/mass.png "Mass unit")

## Save and return to Settings top menu

- Save the settings and use the `F1` key to return to the main menu `Settings`.
